Officers Meeting April 17, 2018

jenshane edited this page Apr 26, 2018 · 1 revision

Officers Meeting: April 17th, 2018

Minutes of the Regular Meeting of the Board of Trustees of Fair Use Building and Research Labs A New Jersey Nonprofit Organization held April 17, 2018 at the Organization's space. The meeting was brought to order at 7:45 pm by Eric Rivas, Chairperson and President. Quorum was established.

The following board members were present:

  • Eric Rivas, President
  • Beth Ritter-Guth, Vice President
  • Jenny Shane, Secretary
  • Neil Flynn, Treasurer
  • Rick Anderson, Trustee
  • Zoltan Sisko, Trustee

The following board members were absent:

  • Jean Consorti, Trustee

The following members were present:

  • Brian Boccardi
  • Star Morin

Reports

President:

Nothing to report

Vice President:

Nothing to report

Secretary:

Nothing to report

Treasurer:

3 members have unpaid dues

Shop Foreman:

Reorganized member wall: new space for expansion. Wall is still missing some member photos.

Space Stuff

SOP Manual

Beth has received no feedback on the first draft.

We still need a list of procedures to go in the manual-- context will be the same regardless of format.

Bylaws need to be edited to allow for termination of membership.

Jenny: Should SOP manual provide procedures for officers, instead of a general FAQ for members?

Neil: anything related to membership should be in the bylaws.

Rick will provide examples of shop manuals for the officers to look at as examples.

SOP Manual will not supersede bylaws, bylaws will reference SOP rules. SOP Manual will primarily provide rules for space use for everyone, including things like procedures for equipment use and shop rules.

Sunday Duty

Rick will take over responsibility for opening the space for Sunday Open Hack.

Grants

There is and opportunity for a NJ grant for women.

  • The grant is a sliding scale for specific purpose
  • Deadline to apply is July 1st
  • Neil: We can't use the funding to pay people due to difficulty of accounting
  • Grant period is one year

Beth volunteers to be PI and handle all documentation. Any grant proposal has to be ratified by the board.

Replacing the electrical cords on some of the outlet boxes

Officers will approve a quote for costs.

Downstairs open hack space reorganization

Shop foreman suggests that we modify the tables to make them wider and longer for more work space. We could remove the van seats to make room for another table. The front table should go. We're working on removing computer equipment taking up space in the front. Zoltan will bring a plan and pricing to the board.

Rack noise

Eric is shutting down the server. We can revisit the issue if sound is still a problem.

External Communications

Eric will take over responding to emails. Jenny will take over responding to voicemails. We need to be more responsive to email in general.

Remote Communications

We could livestream/twitch/hangout during open hacks for telepresence. Rick will continue to discuss with Stephen to see if this solution works for him.

Frank Pirz’s will

Frank Pirz wants to donate CNC equipment. Board approves.

Soldering station refurbishment

(Bill George) Need to respond to Bill and ask for a pricing estimate, then the Board will approve.

Past Events

USA Science and Engineering Festival

Verdict was that the event was good. Next time we need more food and more people.

Upcoming Events:

Women's Coding and Maker Coalition

Mondays are indefinitely women's open hack (although men are welcome). WCMC events will happen on Mondays as they come up.

Star offers to host a drone-building class

Bay Area Maker Faire

We need to mention to members when the faires are in advance, so they can plan and book. Rick will provide a list of maker faires we're going to.

Fubar will meet Bill French with Fubar One representing us for PRS. We'll ship Otto for autonomous.

Membership

Associate Member Review:

  1. Kung Lo (no dues): unanimous yes
  2. Bill George (2/3 dues): unanimous yes
  3. Bill French (2/3 dues): unanimous yes

Pending Members:

  1. Brian Yashinski
  2. Scott Cleveland

The meeting was adjourned at 9:33 pm.

Jenny Shane Secretary

You can’t perform that action at this time.
You signed in with another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You signed out in another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session.
Press h to open a hovercard with more details.